[Music]
or the family how are you I hope you're
enjoying the day today I have
this news here this headline that
Enrique just sent me on WhatsApp
our dear Enrique you know
youtuber if anyone doesn't know him Enrique
Garcia subscribe and follow him and it's that they
have directly personalized the
news with which they try to humiliate
Antonio David Flores for receiving
donations on his channel look at
something as simple and as easy as
receiving donations okay we do that
all that has always existed well
we are always going to be honest with
reality this has existed since
2016 okay in fact look I'm even going to say
more families because I have been
with the kids for many years not with the
youtuber issues and such I'm going to make a video on
the main channel about this that you will
surely have it tomorrow has happened
explaining everything well explaining everything very
in depth but we here in
Spain always go like many steps
behind
the Americans in the grinda community
always have been very
ahead they already implement things
before us and when they start to
do it to someone here  they are shocked they
throw their hands on their heads today how
can he do this I don't know that back in
2016 there were some other
fellow youtubers here there weren't many
who did the heart thing okay
about youtube things I think Obama was already there
but they weren't very well
known okay I mean they were more
video games it started to bring salt yeah or little
by little but there was some other
friend for example Dallas no who
started to do it del petreo mitrione it was
the first platform with which
any creator could well
could give the possibility to their fans to
make a monthly donation to
support themselves hey in case one day I was
sick or in case I had to do something I
couldn't upload so many videos or it takes an
extra or whatever the monetization
fails you know whatever
people were shocked but how are you going to
ask people for money but how are you going to
ask for money but I don't know that
American youtubers had been doing that for a
long time American content creators
and it was absolutely nothing good happening well
today all streamers all
streamers do it  They receive
donations through paypal through
the super chats
and people can become members but
in tweets we also already have
super hyper mega famous people
Antonio there were Spaniards because there are many
people you who are in the world
of the heart you believe that Antonio David
is the most good he has nothing
compared to an ibai compared to a
euro in play compared to a chocas that I
am talking to you about people believe that they are
people who have 50 60 100 thousand
viewers in each live every afternoon
and those people well imagine the
donations imagined the members who
have to know something the majority of them
have more than 40 50 thousand members
okay that's what there is in the supply the
demand is the work if I reach this
to this reach of people then apart
from charging more than for the ads
there will be more people who want to make their
perch because they want to appear on
screen because they want me to greet them
because they want to be part of the family and there is
absolutely nothing wrong with what
happens is that within that
we are further behind the
Americans but we are also further behind
in  many things for example today
the gossip press and the
salcé channels or in America are totally
targeted at American youtubers
when they have some controversy they even
go to salcedo channels to explain
whatever they are against there is nothing
wrong with you and here today there are still
people who see salcé channels as bad or
garbage I don't know what I don't know how many and I think it
depends on how each one does their
job we can accept it or not and then on the
other hand apart from us
being years behind years of delay step
backwards with the Americans
then there are the adolescents these not the
traditional media that are even further
behind reality because they are
now finding out that youtube is
part of their income they depend on the
subscriptions of the people who support it since it is
redneck and here directly in
this news of the times they do something
that seems fatal to me because it is that they
directly point out apart from a
horrible title loli huertas the fan that
antonio davis maintains is worth it as if
freedom were the one that antonio maintains
freedom you already know her is from here
from the community  and well freedom gives
incredible support here they point out that it was the one that
gave Antonio the most well this
live that gave him 120 euros for
freedom has given me a lot more
thread and from here I send you a huge hug
and thank you very much because thanks to
people like you well hey if one day
the monetization doesn't fail hey if one day we can't
work today it's ours we can't
continue maintaining that's what it's about
whoever can and wants there's no
obligation the content continues to be
created for everyone it's
completely free to see it
and I hope that someone can because it doesn't cost them
anything and they can contribute and can
support hey what's going on and here look at this
title before David Flores hides Oli the
woman who can leave him with nothing again
Antonio Fórez is making money
thanks to a business that he prefers to
keep hidden I mean the
headlines they're putting out are
totally regrettable and with this of
personalizing a fan with all who
are with all who are what they can
do is scare Loli away and that the line
doesn't help us anymore you understand me and I think that's
the intention in fact everyone is very
careful  With these headlines, please,
this is a disgrace
[Music]